[Autogenerated] it's worth it to spend a few minutes to take
a closer look at the service activator.
The registration page in the demo application shows you that
you can get a ticket for a early bird price.
This is hard coated in the HTML to keep it simple,
but the registration service actually determines if you get your
ticket for the early bird regular or last minute price by looking at
the pricing categories in the database.
Which pricing category applies depends on when the service
processes the registration they get.
Ticket price method looks up the pricing category using the current date.
It would be more fair if the pricing category would be
determined by the date and time,
and you submitted your registration instead of when the
service processes your registration.
It didn't matter in the demo until now,
but in principle the message that the web player sends to the
service layer might be stored on a message queue and stay there
for some time before it's picked up by the service activator and
processed by the services.
Let's make it so that we passed the date and time off submitting the
registration in a message header and see how we can work with this.
Using the service activator first in the controller,
we will set a header in the message with the current
date and time in the submit method.
Now look again at the registration service.
How can we get at the daytime matter in the register method?
Normally,
the service activated component that calls the register method
automatically unpacks the bailout from the message and passes
it as an argument to the method.
In this case, the payload is not under the registration object.
I'm now going to show you two ways to get at the head of value.
But we were that the first way is not how you should do it.
I'm only showing you the wrong way to make you aware,
often important principle off the service activated pattern.
The second way is much better as you'll see.
Okay, the first way you can do this is by changing the argument,
type off the register method,
we can make the method take the message itself as an
argument instead of the type of the payload.
The service activator component is smart enough to understand that
in that case it should not unpack the message,
but pass it to the method untouched in the method we can now extract
ahead of value and the payload from the message.
Let's pass the daytime header to the get ticket price method
so that we can determine the pricing category based on the
time stamp value from the header.
So why is this the wrong way of doing this?
One of the main principles off the service activator pattern is that it's a
way to connect a message general to business logic without requiring the
business logic to be aware off the messaging system.
But by making the register method of our
registration service take a message object,
we did make it aware of the messaging system.
Also,
other code that might want to call the registration service would now
need to pass a message object to the register method.
So even though spring integration allows this,
this way of solving this problem really violates a core
principle off the service activator pattern.
Fortunately, there is a better way to do this.
We can make the register method take two arguments,
one for the head of value and one for the payload.
Then we add annotations to let spring integration know how
to map the head of value and payload.
To these arguments,
we add a header annotation to the first argument and
the payload annotation to the second.
Now we don't need to deal with getting the values from the
message explicitly giving us cleaner code.
Also,
other code that might want to call the registration
service can just pass values directly and doesn't need to know about the messaging system.